Memory retry as a workflow option [BW-284] (#6167)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

## 56 Release Notes

### Retry with More Memory as workflow option

> Retry with more memory is now customizable via a global config. The multiply factor is passed in through the workflow 

Reviewer: We should probably note that this is a breaking change and people will now need to:
* Move their `error-keys` to global configuration
* Remember to specify a multiplier in their workflow options

Reviewer 2: ( my suggestion should address this )

> ### Retry with More Memory as workflow option
> 
> Retry with more memory is now customizable via a global config. The multiply factor is passed in through the workflow 
> options. More details can be found [here](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/develop/wf_options/Overview.md#retry-with-more-memory-multiplier).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Retry with More Memory

The experimental memory retry feature gains per-workflow customization and includes breaking changes:
- The per-backend configuration key `<backend>.config.memory-retry.error-keys` has been removed and replaced with global key `system.memory-retry-error-keys`
- The per-backend configuration key `<backend>.config.memory-retry.multiplier` has been replaced with *workflow option* `memory_retry_multiplier`

More details can be found [here](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/develop/wf_options/Overview.md#retry-with-more-memory-multiplier).
```

Reviewer 2: I figured it was worth writing this out even just for our team to use as reference when we help customers upgrade

Author: This is much better! Thank you!

## 56 Release Notes

### Retry with More Memory as workflow option

> The experimental memory retry feature gains per-workflow customization and includes breaking changes:

Reviewer: TOL is it still "experimental"? Should we remember to mark it as such in the UI?

Reviewer 2: IMO it's experimental for Cromwell customers because we are still making breaking changes.

For Terra customers, we are handling those changes within Terra so it's not experimental.

Author: I feel this is still experimental since it is only supported in Papiv2. Do you have a strong preference for removing it?
